[♪Lorde: "Everybody
Wants to Rule the World"]
[loud metallic thud]
[woman 1] You've hated me from the
moment I walked through that door. why?
[woman 2] Because you
lie. all you do is lie.
-♪Welcome to your life ♪
-[glass smashes]
-[w1] Admit it. you've lost!
-I've had enough of your games.
You need to leave!
♪ There's no turning back ♪
-[knife unsheathes]
-[w1] Laura. put the knife down!
[Laura] I need to protect
him from you. You're sick!
♪ Even while we sleep ♪
[clattering]
[Laura] Get out of
my fucking house!
♪ We will find you ♪
-[hurried footsteps]
-♪Acting on your best behaviour ♪
♪ Turn your back on mother
nature... [music intensifies]
[knife slices]
[w1] Laura! Look
what you did to me!
[knife clinks to the floor]
[muffled screams]
[man. muffled] Stop!
[music fades]
[loud splash. gasp]
[♪The Kinks: "Sunny Afternoon"]
♪ And I love to
live so pleasantly ♪
♪ Live this life of luxury ♪
♪ Lazing on a sunny afternoon ♪
♪ In the summertime ♪
♪ In the summertime...
Harriet. how could
you let this happen?
[crying on the phone]
-Just... just stop crying. please.
-You're going to fire me. aren't you?
-No. I'm not going to fire you. but...
-She wouldn't use our courier.
She what? The minute you track
it down. you call me back.
With the. um... the.
uh. tracking thing.
-Yes. with the tracking number.
-Yeah... OK. OK.
OK. Thank you.
[ethereal
vocalisations in music]
Why can nobody do
their jobs anymore?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[soft clattering]
[suspenseful music]
Daniel?
[clattering resumes]
[ominous beat]
Howard?
[glass smashes]
Hello?
Moses. were you trying to
give mummy a heart attack?
[meows]
Hm?
[vocalisations continue]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[shouts]
[music stops]
It is not normal for an
old lady to be that strong.
[vocalisations resume]
[Laura] I'm so happy you're
here. I've missed you.
Well. Mum. you've
been away so long.
-I've felt quite neglected.
-[scoffs] Nice try.
Dad tells me that you haven't
been sleeping at home very much.
So... who is this one?
No. wait. let me
guess. let me guess.
She... studied fashion.
loves to go to
brunch and hot yoga.
No.
No. this... this one's...
different.
Like how?
She's...
insanely clever.
she's stunning. she's
ambitious. she's funny.
I mean frankly. she's...
she's perfect.
Look at you. head over heels.
[she gasps]
I actually think
you'd really like her.
You remind me of her.
She reminds you of me.
I mean. he's always had
girlfriends. that's nothing new.
but I've never heard him
speak about anyone like this.
Do you remember being that
age and madly in lust?
[gasps] So deliciously
intoxicating.
just fucking wherever and
whenever the mood takes you.
I've yet to see you
suffer a drought.
It's the spontaneity
that I miss.
Back then. there was no need for
the old muff butter. you know...
to help things along.
I'm nervous. Why am I nervous?
Darling. she is
going to love you.
Don't you think that the
name "Cherry" is a bit...
-Naff?
-Niche?
Are you sure she's not
moonlighting as a stripper?
Don't even get me
started on the endless
"popping Cherry" jokes I
had to endure in school.
-Hello.
Lovely to meet
you. Mrs Sanderson.
Oh. we don't do formal
here. So nice to meet you.
-And. please. call me Laura.
-Laura.
Does your friend always
stare like that. Laura?
I'm sorry. darling. I
can't help it. you are...
ravishing!
Um. but don't mind me. I'm off.
-Hello!
-Hi.
-Hello... Goodbye.
-Goodbye.
Have fun!
-Laura. these are for you.
-Ooh. my favourite. thank you.
You're welcome.
Ah. our first bite
at the Cherry!
Nice. Dad. Real nice.
Wow. it seems my name's
open season tonight.
I don't know whether to be
flattered or plotting my revenge.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm
Howard. by the way.
-So nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you too.
[they laugh]
-[Howard] Drinks?
-Yes. Yeah.
Chop chop. upstairs
for cocktail hour.
[whispers] "Chop chop"?
What are you. Mary Poppins?
I know. Just don't.
I'll give you the
grand tour later.
Daniel. give me a hand.
-[gasps] Oh my God. it keeps going.
-[they laugh]
Here. come here.
I'll show you around.
This is my office.
Oh. oh!
-What do you think?
-It's unusual.
It's violent. but gentle.
A contradiction. Is it
a Caspian Alexander?
It is.
It's a terribly expensive
pile of shit to my eye.
Are you a secret
art dealer as well?
[Cherry] No. lucky guess.
[cat meows]
[Cherry gasps] Who is this?
-That's Moses.
-He's gorgeous.
-Oh shit. the window's open.
-[Daniel] Close the window!
[Howard. sarcastically]
No. not the window!
He's our resident prisoner.
He's an indoor cat.
You know he wouldn't last
two seconds outdoors.
-Anyway. cheers!
-Cheers.
[tense music]
[Howard] How are you with
the. the sight of blood?
I mean. I just. like...
Oh. no. Cherry's not
squeamish at all.
No. in fact. she loves hearing
all my blood and guts stories
from medical school.
And you're in. um. real estate?
[Cherry] Mm. I am. yes.
I work at Hambidge and Holmes.
Did you know that Howard
is in property as well?
[Cherry] I do. yes. I've
heard you're a big dog.
Ooh. big dog? I like
the sound of that.
What made you want to
get into real estate?
Um... I really want
to have my own company
that focuses on
affordable housing
and fix the housing
crisis in the UK.
-[Howard] Nice.
-Nice. Yeah.
Laura. Daniel tells me you have
a new exhibition coming up?
How's it all going?
Um... It's stressful
to say the least.
Uh. just. my staff is
just not on the ball.
Why can no one do
their jobs anymore?
[Suspenseful beat]
[Howard] Mm.
How long is this house
tour going to take?
Let him do his thing. He's
trying to impress her.
No. I'm going to go get them.
[moaning]
[suspenseful music]
Hey! Are they coming?
Well. one of them is.
[exhales forcefully]
-Oh.
-[they chuckle]
Howard. who does that? First
time meeting the parents?
-Uhh. we did.
-No. we did not.
-Mmhmm.
-Did I?
Mmhmm.
You know. I'd forgotten how
adorable "Neurotic Laura" is.
[Cherry] Lot of booze. lot
of drugs. lot of sex...
[Daniel laughs] No. actually.
Mum and I flew to Paris
and zigzagged through
Europe by train.
Well. I organised it.
I mean. it was selfish. really.
forcing him to spend
all that time with me.
You spent your gap
year with your mother?
-Not all of it.
-[Cherry laughs]
It was a grim transition
when I trudged off to India
with nothing but my rucksack.
Oh. Was that on your own?
No. that was with
school friends.
Where did you go to school?
-St... St Florian's.
-Oh. no way!
We know the Headmaster. And
my goddaughter went there.
You guys are about the same age. actually.
You might know her. Cassie Hughes?
Doesn't ring an immediate bell.
But I was a bit of a
nerd. if I'm being honest.
I kept myself to myself.
I'm sure you would remember
her. It's such a small school.
She was Head Girl. right?
-[Howard] Yeah.
-[Cherry] Ah. Cassie.
Yeah. no. I do
remember her. yeah.
[Howard clears his throat]
-Do you have any siblings?
-No. I'm an only child. like Daniel.
Daniel's not an only child.
[melancholic music]
We had a daughter. Rose.
but she was only with
us for a short time.
-I'm so sorry. I had no idea.
-No. it's fine.
[music intensifies]
[Cherry] I understand now. you
wanted to be a paediatrician
to honour Rose.
that's really lovely.
Wanted to be?
What's that about?
[chuckles]
Mum. I didn't want to mention
it until it was all set.
but I've decided to train as a
trauma surgeon at The Royal London.
Jez's uncle put
in a word for me.
Trauma surgery?
Howard. did you know about this?
I had no idea. but...
But wait. this isn't
what we decided.
Well. it's what I've decided.
[tense music]
Um...
Daniel. all I'm saying is.
do you have any idea
what that entails?
Yeah. Mum. funnily enough. I
know exactly what it entails.
Hey. whatever it is you
choose. we are so proud.
I think it's great. I think
it perfectly suits your...
[explosive] Fuck! Fuck.
-Cherry. I'm so sorry.
-[Howard] What the hell!
-Cherry. are you OK?
-It's fine. it's... No. it's fine.
Sorry. it was just
really. really hot.
I'm so sorry.
-Mum. what the hell!
-I didn't mean to. honey. I'm sorry.
I'm going to go check on her.
Cherry? Just making
sure you're OK.
-[Moses meows in distance]
-[Cherry] Yeah. no. I'm all good.
-[tense music]
-Um. I just wanted to say.
I definitely can take the
dress to the dry cleaners.
Um. no. that's fine.
I'll. I'll put it in
the... in the wash.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah. yeah.
OK. Um. after you.
No. please. After you.
[Playfully suspenseful music]
[Laura] Moses!
Moses?
[Laura] She had a bracelet in her
bag that is exactly like mine.
-[Friend] Have you checked it's missing?
-No. not fully.
[Friend] Maybe she felt
she deserved a gift
after giving your son
a wonderful blow job.
[Laura] Isabella!
It's not just that. though.
Just some of the things
she was saying...
It's like she's
hiding something.
I don't know... Oh. and little Moses.
We still haven't found him yet.
Oooh... I refuse to believe
she's that much of a nut job.
I mean. fucking
with people's pets.
that's beyond...
-Oh. God...
-[Laura] Hey!
-How'd you find us?
-I've got mother here on Find My Friends.
Why aren't you at
your appointment?
Have you just forgotten how
many strings I had to pull
to get you in with Marcus
in the first place?
Well. I just don't think that
Marcus is quite
right for us anymore.
I think that we
need a new lawyer.
Why? Laura?
She had sex with him.
-Laura!
-You had sex with your divorce lawyer?
-No-no-no-no-no.
-Oh my God. Mum.
-What is wrong with you!
-Mm-mh.
-What?
-Don't judge!
You only care because you're
worried about your inheritance!
Yeah. of course I am. Who doesn't get a
prenup on their fourth failed marriage?
-True.
-Thank you.
I am telling them...
-that you have diarrhoea...
-[gasps] No!
That's why you
couldn't be there.
and we're reconvening
tomorrow to sign.
That's disgusting.
I'm so excited for
tonight. by the way.
Oh. guess what? Daniel's
bringing Cherry.
Ooh. Do we like her?
Jury's out.
[♪PJ Harvey: "To
Bring You My Love"]
Beautiful.
-Great exhibition!
-Thank you.
Hey. David. I want
to talk to you later.
-Congratulations.
-Ah. thanks. Marianne.
It means a lot that you're here.
♪ Climbed over mountains ♪
♪ Travelled the sea ♪
♪ Cast out of heaven ♪
♪ Cast down on my knees ♪
♪ I've lain with the devil ♪
♪ Cursed God above ♪
♪ Forsaken heaven ♪
♪ To bring you my love ♪
♪ To bring you my love...
[music fades]
Spain couldn't be coming
at a better time for you.
You'll be with your
beloved Daniel.
Yeah.
Away from his thieving...
-cat-killing...
-[phone notification beeps]
sorry...
girlfriend.
-Oh my God. he replied!
-Who's that?
This is Henry. the
Head of the school
that Cherry claimed
to have gone to.
No record of her.
[tense music]
Laura! Laura. they want to take
a quick picture before you leave.
OK. I'll be right
there. thanks. Harriet.
Uh. Howard.
The car's ready for us
to go to the dinner.
Where's Daniel?
Oh. He and Cherry left.
-They left?
-Yeah.
[music intensifies]
OK.
[music fades]
Oh. I thought you were staying
over at Marianne's tonight?
No.
Hey. um.
wasn't it weird how
Daniel left early
and didn't even say goodbye?
Right?
It's just so unlike him.
Yeah.
Hey.
[sensual music]
[music crescendos]
[exhales] I'll give her up.
Are you ready for me
to give Marianne up?
No. not yet.
It's better this way.
[♪Sofia Isella: "Everybody
Supports Women"]
Yeah.
You're right.
♪ It was something about her
hair. so perfectly fallen ♪
♪ She was nice. and
smart. and funny ♪
♪ And got everything
she wanted ♪
♪ And she does charity ♪
♪ Isn't that the most
obnoxious thing you've heard? ♪
♪ Her popularity. she's too
pretty for her own good ♪
♪ She's probably self-centred.
we hate her and she's nothing ♪
♪ If everybody leaves her.
then she had it coming...
[Laura] I'm right around the
corner from Cherry's office.
I'm kinda tempted to
just swing by there
and see if she
actually works there.
Is that crazy?
[Isabella] You think
she lied about that too?
I don't know. Possibly.
What are you going to
say if you see her?
I don't know. I'll
think of something.
I'll call you later.
[tense music]
[man shouting in distance] I can't
believe you're doing this again.
I'm getting married on Saturday.
♪ I'm mocking her 'cause
I'm not like her ♪
♪ I'm not like those girls
who are not like those girls ♪
Oi! Watch out!
♪ I don't mock women like
her I'm not like her ♪
♪ As soon as she hits
it. I'm kicking her out ♪
♪ She's had enough of the love
and I'm bringing her down ♪
♪ Everyone together on
the count of three ♪
♪ One. two...
[music fades]
[♪BLACKPINK: "Pretty Savage"]
♪ Pretty girl (pretty girl) ♪
♪ And I wish you would
(wish you would) ♪
♪ I got nothin'
left to say to you ♪
♪ You know ♪
♪ Savage ♪
♪ So pretty. pretty.
pretty. pretty♪♪
-I love you.
-I love you too. mate.
Panoramic micro-loft?
How about a massively
expensive penthouse
to offset a small appendage?
Oh my God.
Pandora?
[grumbles]
-Hey! Pandora!
-Oh. God. I'm. I'm really. really sorry.
I consumed an
extremely large amount
of alcohol and
narcotics last night.
-[Cherry laughs]
-Don't.
I'm. I'm trying really hard
not to cry or throw up.
Oh dear. Oh dear. Hot date?
No. no. it was the old
girls from St Florian's.
They're savage.
I'll take care of the listing.
Oh my God. You star.
We just have to make it
to our celebration lunch.
What are we celebrating?
[slams door] You made
Pandora Assistant Manager?
I was just coming
to talk to you.
Over the last quarter.
I've closed more deals
than everyone else in
this office put together.
I know. Your work has been
nothing short of exceptional.
So. what more do you want
from me. Elliot? Blood?
It was purely a
strategic decision.
There are... opportunities
for the agency
through Pandora's mother.
And where does that leave me?
Your. your time will come.
Right.
[suspenseful music]
[instructor] Right. now. riders. you all
came in here for a reason today. right?
I want you to think
about that reason.
Let it guide you through
to the end of your class.
That little voice you hear
in the back of your mind
saying that you're too slow.
you're too weak. that you can't.
I want you to tell
that voice to shut up.
Because you can.
you can. you can!
On my call. riders. we're live down
in the saddle. you hit that beat.
In five. in four. in
three. two. one. rise!
[techno music]
Go! Go! Go! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
[music cuts out]
[suspenseful music]
Fuck.
[Pandora] OK. it's
time for my bikini wax.
-Do you not have a client soon?
-I'll make it back in time.
If you could see what was between my legs.
Cherry. you would know it's an emergency.
Hi.
Hello.
Pandora?
We spoke on the phone
about the penthouse flat.
Sorry. I'm. I'm a bit early.
I'm Daniel Sanderson.
AKA Wanker.
-Right.
-No need to apologise.
honestly. we were being utter...
Wankers.
Look. I. I totally get it.
I. I wouldn't want to do
business with me either. but...
Are you driving or shall I?
[upbeat. enticing music]
Wow.
As you can see. it's
more than an apartment.
It's a lifestyle.
A lifestyle?
Yeah. that line usually
works on your type.
My type?
Yeah. corporate finance
bro. I'm guessing?
-[scoffs] Ouch.
-[Cherry laughs]
OK. give me the spiel.
Would you be moving here alone?
I would.
Do you intend to have visitors?
On special occasions.
Well. this is the penthouse.
So were you to entertain.
you wouldn't have to worry about
the neighbours hearing anything.
That's good.
When I entertain.
there tends to be...
quite the racket.
[flirty music]
Three bathrooms. Very
good water pressure.
Steam. Sauna. Hot tub.
If it doesn't come with a
butler. I'm not interested.
Have you...
ever "entertained"...
in front of a view like this?
Have you?
Sometimes I come out here
and entertain myself.
That's very naughty
of you. Pandora.
Pandora's my colleague.
I stole you from her.
My name's Cherry.
Cherry.
Well. seeing as
we're being honest.
I'm not a banker.
I'm a doctor.
This might not be the
right apartment for you.
So what is it about me that you think
is so well suited to this place?
I just think this
is the better fit.
[keys jangle]
And she's labelled
the keys wrong again.
There is a wall...
round the back.
I dare you.
[upbeat. enticing music]
Thank you. doctor.
[music fades]
So?
What do you think?
I think...
I think I just
found my new home.
Well. that's cause
for celebration.
How should we celebrate?
[♪Wet leg: "Chaise longue"]
♪ Hey you. over there ♪
♪ On the chaise longue
in your underwear ♪
♪ What are you doing
sitting down? ♪
♪ You should be horizontal now ♪
♪ On the chaise longue
On the chaise longue ♪
♪ On the chaise
longue All day long ♪
♪ On the chaise longue ♪
♪ On the chaise longue
On the chaise longue ♪
♪ On the chaise
longue All day long ♪
♪ On the chaise longue ♪
♪ All day long. all day
long On the chaise longue ♪
♪ On the chaise
longue All day long ♪
♪ On the chaise longue♪♪
-Hey Max. you old dog!
-Danny boy!
How are you? You just
missed your old man.
I thought he was supposed
to be playing golf today.
Mmm. he can't stay
away from our bar.
He says he's working. but I suspect
it's the endless flow of vintage scotch
that keeps him perched up there.
-So your dad works here?
-Uhhh... Yeah.
-He sort of owns the place.
-Right.
-Hey. Cesar. how are you?
-Welcome back.
-Nice to see you.
-Your table is ready.
Thank you.
You've taken me to your dad's
hotel for our third date.
Such a show-off.
Wait till you see me
put it all on his tab.
Then you'll be really turned on.
[laughs] What about your mum?
Is she a lady of leisure?
No. God. no.
She runs three galleries.
works constantly.
She's a machine.
You're a mummy's
boy. aren't you?
Oh. for sure.
Yeah. she's got me wrapped
around her little finger.
What about you?
I was a daddy's girl. probably.
-Was?
-He died when I was 14.
I'm so sorry.
It's OK. It's motivated me.
I'm under no illusions. you've
got to really put in the graft.
Nobody's going to do it for you.
Unless maybe if your dad
owns lots of fancy hotels.
What?
Nothing. I just...
feel like I've
known you for ages.
[suspenseful music]
Are you sure we've got
the house to ourselves?
Yeah. we've got hours.
That's a beautiful cocktail set.
[mumbles] It belonged
to Wallis Simpson.
I can't hear you with that
silver spoon in your mouth.
-It belonged to Wallis Simpson.
-Oh. right.
In her honour. I'll be
making us French 75s.
Cherry. do you want
bubbles or oil?
All of it!
[thrilling music]
[Laura] Harriet. listen to me.
No. the minute you track
it down. call me back.
Yes. with the tracking number.
OK. thank you.
Why can nobody do
their jobs anymore?
Daniel?
[clatters]
[music intensifies]
[glass smashes]
Hello?
[Daniel. whispering] Cherry?
Oh my God. I didn't
breathe for 5 minutes.
-I smashed a vase.
-What?
You hide upstairs. I'm
going to see my mum.
-What's she doing here?
-Just hide!
Hi. can I get these two. please?
Yes. of course.
Uh. no returns.
If it's been worn.
Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
[Isabella] Don't you think
the name Cherry is a bit...
-[Laura] Naff?
-Niche?
I mean are we sure she's not
moonlighting as a stripper?
[they laugh]
I'm sorry. that's...
-You'll love her. Come on.
-It's fine. it's fine.
Don't even get me started on the
endless "popping Cherry" jokes
I had to put up with in school.
Mum. This is Cherry.
-Hello. Cherry.
-Cherry. Mum.
Lovely to meet you.
Mrs. Sanderson.
Oh. we don't do formal
here. Oh! Sorry. sorry.
-Sorry.
-Laura. Call me Laura.
-Laura.
-Mum. these are for you.
-Oh! Thank you. That's very kind.
-Bit of a top up. darling.
[suspenseful music]
There's obviously no
need for a house tour
but why don't I show
you the bedroom again?
Mm-mh.
Mind the dress.
No. no. no. I don't want
to make a bad impression.
I've got a better idea.
[he pants]
[tense music]
[Laura] Daniel. all
I'm saying is...
You know. wanting to make sure. Do
you have any idea what that entails?
[Howard] Laura...
[Daniel] Yes. Mum. funnily enough.
I know exactly what it entails.
[Howard] Hey. whatever it is
you decide. we are so proud.
I think it's great. I think
it perfectly suits your...
[Laura] Oh!
I'm so sorry.
No. you're fine. you're fine.
-[Laura] Let me get a rag or something...
-No. it's... it's fine...
-Do you need a hand?
-Just gonna. gonna wipe it off.
[exhales in frustration]
-[meows]
-Oh. hi. Moses.
-[hisses]
-Ow! Fuck!
-Ow. you little shit.
-[growls]
[mocking tone] "Oh!
Not the window!"
[cat screeches and drops]
[Laura] Um. I'll definitely take
your dress to the dry cleaners.
-Um. no. that's fine.
-[bracelet clinks]
Are you sure? It's
not a problem at all.
I'll. I'll put it in
the... in the wash.
[suspenseful music swells]
Fuck!
[music ebbs]
Look at you.
[Laura] Cherry. what
does your father do?
-He passed away.
-Oh. I'm so sorry.
-It's OK. Thank you.
-What did he do?
He was a buil... he built...
He. he was an architect.
Anybody we might
be familiar with?
Um. William Laine.
William Laine...
Maybe he did something
we would recognise?
Um... it was... relatively
small-scale stuff.
He operated mainly
on word of mouth.
Surely we could find
something online. right?
I'm so interested in
architectural design...
Yeah. I mean he died...
-about 15 years ago now. so I don't...
-[Laura] Oh. really?
Well. I'm sure there's a
record of it somewhere...
Mum. put the phone away.
You're being a bit intense.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm
just interested. honey.
[tense beat]
[music fades]
-Fuck. that was weird.
-[laughs] I know.
[they exhale with relief]
[footsteps downstairs]
[TV sounds in distance]
Ah! She's alive.
Elliot's letting me crash at one of his
show flats. that's why I've not been here.
-Oh?
-Yeah.
I've seen him. you
know. Your Nicholas.
In all those magazines.
with that girl.
He's not my Nicholas. so...
I did tell ya. didn't I?
I mean. I kept saying.
He's too different for
you. They are different.
Do you not think I know that?
I work with these people every
day. All they have to do is breathe
and everything comes to them.
You know...
Rob-next-door. he's
single again. Hey?
And Paula's son...?
What is wrong with loving someone
who happens to have money. Mum?
-They'll never marry ya.
-OK.
Look. I'm a butcher. and your
father was a builder. love.
you can't get more common than that.
No way. they stick to their own.
OK. OK. It's boring now. Mum.
[gasps] Hello. darlings!
You're both looking gorgeous.
Are you late for your
own mother's party?
No. that was my fault. sorry.
That last lap dance
really took a while.
-See you in there.
-[Daniel] Fucking brilliant.
[background chatter]
Oooh...
OK. alright. that's enough.
You've looked at
that for enough. now.
-Trying to make me jealous?
-No. not at all.
No? You are.
-I see your game.
-Noooo.
You're trying to
make me jealous.
[tense music]
Your mum does not
like me. I can tell.
No. that. that's not true.
No. she's. she's just always edgy
and stressed at these things.
But I should probably
go and say hello.
I'll find you in a bit.
[suspenseful music]
Hey. you'll never
guess who's here.
-Quick. come and say hi.
-[Daniel] I'll see you in a bit. OK?
-Hi. Laura.
-Cherry. hi.
-How are you?
-I'm. I'm good. How are you?
This is incredible.
thank you for having me.
I think Riven's paintings
are absolutely captivating.
-It's Ree-ven.
-Riven. Sorry.
Ah. excuse me for a minute.
[music intensifies]
[under her breath] Oh.
you're fucking joking.
[sultry] I think...
that we...
should get out of here?
I think that's a great idea.
-Ooh!
No! No! Daniel! Oh. God!
[she shrieks and laughs]
Sorry I rushed you out of there.
Are you kidding? I'm not!
I just don't like other people.
No. other people are the worst.
I think you should
come to Spain with us.
-With the family?
-Mmhmm.
I thought we didn't
like other people?
Well. I like my
parents a little bit.
But I like you... a lot.
-Fine. fine. I'll come.
-Fine? Fine?
When I say I like you...
[gentle music]
What I really mean is...
I love you.
I love you too.
[ethereal
vocalisations in music]
[man] Stop stalking me.
you creepy little fuck!
-What?
-First you're waiting for me at the gym.
then you follow Millie
to the art gallery.
-I was with someone. Nicholas.
-Of course you were – Cherry. you're sick.
-I can't believe you're doing this again.
-Listen here. you arrogant prick...
I'm getting married on Saturday.
-It's over. OK? Move on.
-I have moved on!
With someone so much
better than you.
Well that makes two of us. then.
I can't believe I
actually used to fuck you.
You make my skin crawl.
[he scoffs]
There she is. There's
the real Cherry.
Underneath your fake
designer clothes.
you're nothing but a
roughed-up little chav.
-Fuck off.
-[bike whooshes]
Laura?
-Oh. Hey!
-Hey.
-Wha... what are you doing here?
-Um. I just was on my way to the framers.
How about you?
-I work here.
-Oh. right. of course!
Yeah. Oh. by the way. I got
my. um. my leave approved.
so I can come to
Spain. it's official.
-Did Daniel tell you?
-Yes. of course he told me.
OK.
I'm so happy you get to join us.
Yeah me too. I'm
really. really excited.
That's great. well
sorry. I've got to run.
-Good to see you.
-OK.
[music intensifies]
[knife unsheathes]
[♪Ren: "Animal Flow"]
♪ Animal flow You're in the
mind of a cannibal king ♪
♪ Where chaos and anarchy roam ♪
♪ And trouble is
bubbling under the skin ♪
♪ A certain insanity shows ♪
♪ Whenever I pick up
the mic and begin ♪
♪ Whenever these words that I
write with my pen come alive ♪
♪ They ignite like I
pulled out the pin ♪
[loud. fleshy squelch]
♪ Animal Mary had a little lamb
whose fleece was white as snow ♪
♪ It made the blood look so much
redder When I slit its throat ♪
♪ Watch it drip.
drop. drip. drop ♪
♪ Until the ground was soaked ♪
♪ Oh Mary. Mary quite contrary ♪
♪ How the blood it flows ♪
♪ Horrific. explicit
I bleed parasitic ♪
♪ Acidic. I'm
eating your flesh ♪
♪ Don't fidget. I'm livid
Not mentally with it ♪
♪ I get kind of sick
when I'm stressed ♪
♪ I am the eye. I am the storm ♪
♪ I am the fury.
I am the scorn ♪
♪ I am the belly.
I am the beast...
[man] Ladies and gentlemen. may
I present the bride and groom.
Nicholas and Millie Haines!
♪ Yes I am. yes I am
Yes. I'm an animal ♪
♪ Yes. I'm an animal. yes. sometimes
the things I say are irrational ♪
♪ Yes. sometimes the things
I do are quite radical ♪
♪ Yes. I will be waging
war on the capital ♪
[people scream]
♪ Show no mercy under my rule ♪
♪ I won't be kind.
I will be cruel ♪
♪ Drown all my foes
in a paddling pool ♪
♪ Yes I'm tyrannical bro. so
Never mistake a man for a fool ♪
♪ I'll take your ignorance
right back to school ♪
♪ And teach you a lesson
for testing my cool ♪
♪ Animal ♪
♪ Animal♪♪
[tense music]
[man] She's a fucking psycho.
[woman] And when she
doesn't get her way.
she goes for the jugular.
[music intensifies]
You know what? I'm really looking
forward to getting to know you.
[Howard] I've never
seen Daniel so happy.
Hi.
You're gonna play
nicely. aren't you?
[Laura] I haven't decided.
[she gasps and shouts]
Great.
-She looked me dead in the eye.
-Are you sure you're not imagining that?
It's like she owns him.
I can't believe you're gonna
be living all on your own.
I'll be living
there with Cherry.
[Laura] I don't think she
is who you think she is.
Help! Help!
[woman] Have you forgotten
what she did to me?
Rich people. they can get away
with anything. but you can't.
Do you want me to do a
little bit of digging?
Yes.
You're not a snob
you're a psychopath.
[gasps]
Did I scare you?
You hate her because
she's replacing you.
Mum. you're fucking
smothering me.
She must be a clever fuck.
You did this. didn't
you? Didn't you?
Please. Laura. I'm begging you.
Let me tell you
about my daughter.
[knife thuds]
-I'm not going anywhere.
-Yeah. we'll see.
[eerie vocalisations]
[thrilling music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm